Add local api documentation for Overkiz integration (#29816)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/overkiz.markdown

### Internet connectivity required

This integration communicates via the cloud-based Overkiz API in most cases. Depending on your hub and devices, there are options which communicate over your local network.

#### Local API via Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode

> The Somfy TaHoma v2, Somfy Connexoon and Somfy TaHoma Switch support the [Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode (local API)](https://github.com/Somfy-Developer/Somfy-TaHoma-Developer-Mode). During set-up, you can choose for "Local API" which will allow you to use the local API in Home Assistant. Climate devices are not supported via the Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Somfy TaHoma v2, Somfy Connexoon and Somfy TaHoma Switch support the [Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode (local API)](https://github.com/Somfy-Developer/Somfy-TaHoma-Developer-Mode). During setup, you can choose **Local API**. This allows you to use the local API in Home Assistant. Climate devices are not supported via the Somfy TaHoma Developer Mode.
```

#### Local API via HomeKit Controller

> If your hub (e.g. Somfy Connectivity Kit) supports HomeKit natively, your setup code will be added as a sensor in Home Assistant. Find your hub in Home Assistant and retrieve the value from the 'HomeKit Setup Code' sensor. You can now configure the [HomeKit Controller](/integrations/homekit_controller/) integration in Home Assistant and benefit from local support. Only a [limited set of devices is supported](https://service.somfy.com/downloads/nl_v5/tahoma-homekitcompatibilitylist_eng.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your hub (e.g. Somfy Connectivity Kit) supports HomeKit natively, your setup code will be added as a sensor in Home Assistant. Find your hub in Home Assistant and retrieve the value from the **HomeKit Setup Code** sensor. You can now configure the [HomeKit Controller](/integrations/homekit_controller/) integration in Home Assistant and benefit from local support. Only a [limited set of devices is supported](https://service.somfy.com/downloads/nl_v5/tahoma-homekitcompatibilitylist_eng.pdf).
```

#### Local API via Velux KLF200 hub

> If you are only using Somfy IO compatible devices, you could purchase a Velux KLF200 hub and use [the Velux integration](/integrations/velux/) which has a local API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are only using Somfy IO-compatible devices, you could purchase a Velux KLF200 hub and use [the Velux integration](/integrations/velux/) which has a local API. 
```
